Backport jetpack 15.2-a.1 Changes (#45482)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 15.2-a.1 - 2025-10-13
### Enhancements

> - Forms: Added required indicator settings, made forms with a sinble input required by default. [#45300]
> - Forms: Add integrations store. [#45372]
> - Forms: Add notification settings panel. [#45396]
> - Forms: Add read and unread state for new form responses. [#45350]
> - Forms: Avoid typohraphic orphans in Forms panels in editor. [#45455]
> - Forms: Hide Google export card if disabled. [#45375]
> - Forms: Inbox - remove view action for desktop and leave it just for mobile. [#45444]
> - Forms: More elaborate empty states. [#45421]
> - Forms: Reorganise settings to a single panel for rating, slider and phone fields. [#45196]
> - Forms: Use store for integrations modal. [#45432]
> 
> ### Bug fixes
> - Newsletter Settings: Update wording to clarify how the reply-to settings can be used. [#45368]
> 
> ### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
> - Comment likes: Prevent PHP warnings if site URL is invalid. [#45420]
> - Flex sites: Return the is_wpcom_flex flag from the sites API. [#45395]
> - Sync: Handle lazy-loading of WP_User object properties. [#45450]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enhancements
- Forms: Add required indicator settings and make forms with a single input required by default. [#45300]
- Forms: Add integrations store. [#45372] [#45432]
- Forms: Add notification settings panel. [#45396]
- Forms: Add read and unread state for new form responses. [#45350]
- Forms: Avoid typographic orphans in Forms panels in editor. [#45455]
- Forms: Hide Google export card if disabled. [#45375]
- Forms: Remove Inbox view action for desktop and leave it just for mobile. [#45444]
- Forms: Update Inbox empty state notices. [#45421]
- Forms: Reorganize settings to a single panel for rating, slider and phone fields. [#45196]

### Bug fixes
- Newsletter: Update wording to clarify how the reply-to settings can be used. [#45368]

### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
- Comment likes: Prevent PHP warnings if site URL is invalid. [#45420]
- Flex sites: Return the `is_wpcom_flex` flag from the sites API. [#45395]
- Sync: Handle lazy-loading of `WP_User` object properties. [#45450]

```
